---Sprint 1---
Number	User Story										Test and Result
1		Displaying search results on a map				a. Map loads centered on vancouver when you first go to the site for the first time containing points of all gardens
														b. Map loads after search button is pressed
														c. Map loads with all points displayed on it as per the search results
														d. Search results are displayed when only 1 garden is the result of the search. Test Case : {Lemon : Mount Pleasant Community Garden}
														e. Search results are displayed when more than 1 garden is the result of the search. Test Case(s) : {Blueberry + * : Evergreen Urban Orchard, Tea Swamp Community Garden}
														f. Empty map loads centered on Vancouver when no garden is the search result. Invalid name is used in the search box. Test Case : {"Orange" :  Empty Map}

2		Table List of Gardens							a. Table list containing names of all gardens is loaded when you first arrive at the site.
														b. Each row has a value in the name field, latitude field and a longitude field and an optional value in the food tress depending upon if the garden in question has a food tree or not.
														c. Table shows only 1 garden if the search result gives back only 1 such garden. Test Case: {Lemon : Mount Pleasant Community Garden}
														d. Table shows more than 1 gardens if the search result gives back more than 1 gardens. Test Case(s) : {Blueberry + * : Evergreen Urban Orchard, Tea Swamp Community Garden }
														e. A table loads after the search button is pressed.
														f. An empty table loads for a food tree that is not present in any garden. Test Case(s): Invalid name is used in the search box.

3		Clickable Gardens in the table					a. Map is cleared when a garden in the table is clicked.
														b. After the map is cleared, only the pin corresponding to the clicked garden should show up on the map.
														c. The map is centered around the clicked garden.
														d. Clicking on a different garden removes the previous marker and places a new marker at the new location.


4. 		Filter with Categories Display					a. Search Box Only test with multiple gardens as result
															i. type 'Kitsilano' in search box, leave dropdown list unselected
															ii. hit 'Search' button
															iii. expect to get 4 'Kitsilano' Gardens as the result
																1.Kitsilano CC Collaborative Garden 	49.2618643 	-123.1620928 	
																2.Kitsilano Christian Community Church 	49.2570894 	-123.1437758 	
																3.Kitsilano Community Garden 	49.2664025 	-123.1504383 	
																4.Kitsilano Neighbourhood House 	49.2686566 	-123.1852422 


														b. 1 criteria only test with 1 garden as the result
															i. leave search box empty
															ii. in dropdown list select 'apricot'
															iii. hit 'Search' button
															iv. expect to see 'Kitsilano Community Garden' as the result

														c. Both criteria work together test with 1 garden as the result
															i. type 'Garden' in search box
															ii. in dropdown list select 'blueberry'
															iii. hit 'Search' button
															iv. expect to see 'Tea Swamp Community Garden' as the result

														d. All gardens test
															i. leave search box empty
															ii. in dropdown list select 'All'
															iii. hit 'Search' button
															iv. expect to see all gardens as the result

														e. Invalid search Criteria Result
															i. type 'Blah' in search box
															ii. leave dropdown list unselected
															iii. hit 'Search' button
															iv. expect to see no gardens as the result

5.		Admin Retrieve Data								a. Test error message is shown correctly
															i. Login as an admin
															ii. Disable internet
															iii. Click Import button
															iv. Expect message "Error! INTERNAL SERVER ERROR"
														b. Test imports work correctly
															i. Login as an admin
															ii. Delete Kitsilano Community Garden and Woodland Park Community Garden
															iii. Click Import Gardens and wait until "Success!" appears
															iv. Verify Kitsilano Community Garden lat: 49.2664025 long: -123.1504383 fruits: apple (2) pear (2) plum (4) apricot (1) hazelnut (1) fig (1) 
															v. Verify Woodland Park Community Garden lat: 49.2785071 long: -123.0734599 fruits: apple (2)
															vi. Logout, navigate to index and re-verify previous 2 in the table

6.		User Registration								a. Test that the sign into twitter button shows up at top left corner, prompting sign in using twitter when not logged into twitter

														b. Test that when sign into twitter button is pressed, the page changes to the twitter login, with an option to sign up for twitter if not a member (Make sure cookies are off)

														c. Test that once successfully logged in, the page redirects back to the home page displaying a Welcome greeting and the user's name and twitter profile picture and a logout link

														d. Test that logout link successfully logs the user out of twitter and loads the home page with a sign into twitter prompt

														e. Test that wrong login information does not redirect back to home page, but prompts login again

														
												
												
---Sprint 2---
Admin View All Users

1.
Go to root url 'https://radiant-savannah-1336.herokuapp.com/'
Look at top right corner under 'Bananaz - Fruit for All: Community Gardens in Vancouver' for user information
If you are logged in with a twitter account, click 'Logout'.
On the url bar, enter 'https://radiant-savannah-1336.herokuapp.com/admin/'
Log in with username 'admin' and password 'admin'
You are now logged in as an admin.
On the url bar, enter 'https://radiant-savannah-1336.herokuapp.com/'
On the top right corner, see 'Hello, admin. Logout to login with Twitter.'
Under 'Logout' link, click the button 'All Users'
A list of all 'twitter users' that used this web application is listed under the button.
Each 2-3 line block in this table/list represents a user.
Each user has a 'Username', 'Name', and 'Email' line. Field is empty if that user doesn't have that field

2.
Remember the list of all users from test 1.
On a second brower window, go to 'https://radiant-savannah-1336.herokuapp.com/admin/'
Click 'Users', click on a twitter user (all twitter users have a First Name)
Delete this user by clicking 'Delete', keep track of which user you deleted
Now on your first browser, click the 'All Users' button again.
Confirm that the deleted user is not displayed in the table/list


Getting Directions

1.
Go to the home page - 'https://radiant-savannah-1336.herokuapp.com/'
Pop up window appears asking to 'share location', select 'not now'.
Now look at the table list of gardens, click the button 'Display Route' for any garden
Should see a pop up window saying 'user location disabled. please enable sharing your location'
Should not see any markers or routes on the map.

2.
Go to the home page.
Pop up window appears asking to 'share location', select 'ok'.
Click the row '15th Avenue Coop', not the button 'Display Route'.
Should see a marker appearing on the map, the log message under the map says 'you are viewing the location of 15th Avenue Coop'
Keep track of where the marker is.
Now click 'Display Route' for the garden '15th Avenue Coop'.
Check the previous marker is removed.
Should see line connecting 2 markers.
Check that marker 'B' is at the same location as the marker when you clicked row '15th Avenue Coop'
Check that marker 'A' is the location where you are currently at.
Now click 'Display Route' for the garden '2624 Franklin St - Apartment'
Check that previous markers and route clears, new marker 'A' and 'B' and route is displayed on the map.
If possible, walk/drive to a different location and complete all steps above.
Check that marker 'A' is the location where you are currently at.

Saving Gardens

1.
Go to the home page.
Logout if you are logged in.
Ensure that the Save/Unsave Garden button is not shown.

2.
Log in as an admin.
Go to the home page.
Ensure that the Save/Unsave Garden button is not shown.

3.
Log in as a twitter user. This will take you to the home page.
Ensure that the Save/Unsave Garden button is shown beside each garden.
Save 3 unsaved gardens. (eg. In order, "Bosman Hotel", then "Arbutus Victory", then "Callister Park")
Ensure the button changes to "Unsave Garden".
Refresh the page.
Ensure the newly saved gardens appear at the top, sorted from newest-to-oldest saved. (eg. In order, "Callister Park", then "Arbutus Victory", then "Bosman Hotel")

4.
Log in as a twitter user and save at least 3 gardens.
Refresh the page.
Unsave and re-save a garden in the middle of your saved gardens.
Refresh the page.
Ensure the re-saved garden appears at the top of the gardens table.

5.
Log in as a twitter user.
Save 2 gardens.
Unsave one of the newly-saved gardens.
Refresh.
Ensure the unsaved garden isn't at the top of the gardens table.
Unsave the other garden.
Refresh.
Ensure both gardens are back in their original positions.

Size and Shape of Tree Icon
1. Load the page
Ensure that you see trees in place of the usual google map markers
Ensure that the size of the trees vary
Investigate a certain tree marker and see if its size corresponds to its garden's fruits added up in comparison to the other gardens

2. Click on a garden
Ensure that when you click on a specific garden, that there only appears one tree marker corresponding to the location of the selected garden
Ensure that when switching between gardens, the size of the tree marker does not change, seeing as it's not supposed to be sized relative to other gardens but rather stand alone to represent a single garden

Size and Shape of Fruit Icon Displayed on the Map
1. Load the page
Go to the home page

2. Filter
Locate the drop down menu at the top next to "Search Garden"
Select any fruit name and click "Search Garden"
Ensure the map's tree markers will be replaced with an icon representing the fruit chosen, showing only the gardens which contain that fruit
Ensure that the size variability corresponds to each garden's number of the specified fruit. "Example: Garden with (1) apple, should be smaller than Garden with (3) apples"
Ensure that when another fruit is chosen and searched for, the previous icons are replaced by the new fruit corresponding only to gardens which contain the fruit chosen